{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12820\viewh11280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 CIS 155 Milestone Guide\
\
This term you will be producing an electronic stock market. There will be three phases, detailed in our \'91CIS 155 project roadmap.\'92 Each phase will take 5 weeks. \
\
To complete the course, you must possess (printed or saved) three documents: \
1. Bund Course Overview, CIS 155: provides general instructions on how to complete CIS 155\
2. CIS 155 project roadmap: provides guidelines on what to deliver for the 3 projects\
3. This document, Milestone Guide: provides guidelines on what is due, between project due dates (milestones)\
\
Every two weeks, a milestone version of the project is due. There are video tutorials of how to do each milestone, broken into several steps. We expect that the steps, illustrated in the videos will be complete by the Milestone dates. \
\
Each week, I will post discussion topics to our Announcements. You will receive this announcement Sunday before the week begins. \
\
After receiving the discussion topic for the week, you are to post a comment to the discussion board, on github. You will be asked to respond to one student\'92s comment during the week, for a total of two required participatory posts. Since the board can work as a way to work with the entire class as a team, you can post many more times than the minimum. I will be emailed each time someone posts to the discussion board. Since the discussion will help you reach your milestones and complete the project, we recommend that you use the board as a way to be productive and ask your questions. \
\
Projects are broken into three phases. As you can read in the Syllabus, the first and second projects are worth 13 points. The final project is worth 14 points. The two milestones are due per project, for a total of 6 milestones. Each milestone is worth 5% points, or 30% of the final grade. \
\
For each Milestone, go to our course youtube channel: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFGOOfhq5Rhtml53NogOtow\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Video tutorials detailing all your code, and discussion of what to do, is there. \
\
Project 1 due March 5th\
Milestone 1\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Weeks go Sunday to Sunday\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. 1/ 31 - 2/ 6th.  Lesson 1, 2, 3, 4\
2. 2/ 6  - 13th. Lessons 5, 6, 7, 8\
Milestone 2\
1. 2/ 20 - 2/ 27 Lessons 9, 10, 11, 12\
2. 2/ 27 - 3/ 5 Lesson 13, 14, 15, 16\
\
\
Project 2 due April 9th\
Milestone 1\
1.  [similar timeline will apply, with lessons posted to youtube ]\
2. \
Milestone 2\
1.\
2. \
\
Project 3 due May 21st\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Milestone 1\
1. \
2. \
Milestone 2\
1.\
2. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}